Added intro paragraphs to each major section of the docs (#440)
MAAP-Project/maap-documentation: docs/source/system_reference.rst

System Reference Guide
=======================================

This section of documentation is intended as a technical reference for the functionality of the MAAP platform. If you are interested in learning about a particular part of the MAAP platform, this section will contain the canonical reference. 

> It is often referenced from the application-focused tutorial notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is often referenced from the application-focused Science and Technical tutorials.
```

Author: updated
